small houses and you do what people can buy in Cancun for a long time
money is that the construction companies have become important potentates of
money at the expense of those who buy houses and under the protection of the authorities the
holder of the institute of the housing of the state enrique alcocer recognized that it is
a real problem because the land according to the law of
subdivisions must be 7 meters with 20 centimeters in front by
a length of 16 meters when some houses measure less than five meters
In front of Mr. Carlos Jiménez he bought his house for 240 thousand pesos, he paid in
cash but those who bought credited paid in udis and simply the
House prices have soared more than doubled we do not understand that there is
there is a law of subdivisions tc have to respect
where they will give the percent measures
of life cc must have a part in a modest but dignified dignified house
from 7 20 by 16 of funds 20 where appropriate
and the truth is that we are very sorry
we understand that you have to do business and it's worth
but you do not have to privilege the business and leave everything aside the dignity and
comfort of the people observing that the houses have all the
requirements of law is on the part of the municipality but it is not like that
the houses have 10 to 12 years are more than 30 megawatts that have been built but
violating the law the house they had in 26
belloch meters
it was the first houses that had
according to them it was the exact measurement that should have
onwards but not
not least because they are not suitable for housing
that's why many cases like this one began to be built about ten
years approximately
0-3 but we bought four years ago
more than 50 votes of the delegates
you can observe the room that barely
It fits last Friday
the applicant
in the room
four meters approximately
So are those little houses
at that time for 240 thousand pesos
it was already a little money
well things are two little houses
as we can observe
and well
in this case the man bought it in cash but there are many people who
he still keeps paying he has to pay up to 3 4 pesos what it cost
families.
since with the little space it creates psychological problems that are
translated into intrafamily violence neighborhood problems and even
delinquency with bands of young people who did not like to be simply in their
house for more than 10 years they are also commercialized and houses
which implies that construction companies have made millions
to the complacency of the authorities with images of víctor álvarez juan
Carlos Mendoza
Notification